The country is standing outside, and the people are gathering around.
I'm going.
You are not a servant of the Chiyuji.
I'm a traveler, but I'm not very good at it, even though I'm a child.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm looking for a servant.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I'm not very good at it.
I'm going.
You are not a servant of the Chiyuji.
I don't want to hear any more bad things.
You should think about it.
You will be a disciple of the Lord.
Do you understand?
No!
No, no!
I have my own thoughts.
That's not good.
You are
a father of the sea, not a father of the sea.
Why do you want to take back
the favor you received from the Lord?
I can't take back the favor.
Then you should take it back.
What?
I don't take back the favor.
I am a man who
is not afraid of anything.
I am a man
who is not afraid of anything.
What are you doing?
You are not doing anything.
What?
What if you are not a man?
I don't have a father.
If you have one...
If I have a father,
I will take it back.
I am a
disciple of your father.
I am a disciple of your father.
Are you a disciple?
Then are you my father?
Father?
I understand
that you are
a child.
I understand that you are
The child
you have raised
is a child
of your father.
There is no change.